To Do 

* Add content and format blog posts
* Naked domain
* Buy page - 2 divs, amazon and pdf link 
* Text doesn't center on photo of isaiah 
* SEO
	* Sitemap 
	* Robots.txt file 
* FAQ - look at other sites
* To precompile images before Heroku 
RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake assets:precompile

UX Thoughts: 

Put the read more buttons centered within their divs for mobile 
Delete some pictures. Load times are atrocious. 
Finish links for the what's inside section 
Ebook cover doesn't display on subscribe page 
need to redirect to naked URL 
 

Home Page Story 

#1: This book is written by someone who really did it. I traveled for 3 months in Patagonia, spending an average of $26/day without missing out on any of the sights. In this book, you'll learn the insider places to stay, the most spectacular things to do, and the tactics for keeping it all under a budget. 

#2: Planning a trip to Patagonia can be a challenge. Many hostels don't maintain an online presence, package tours charge exorbitant prices, and most of the bus companies don't have websites in English. 

This book will throoughly prepare you for life on the road, help you navigate while traveling, remove barriers, and provide information simply not available anywhere else. 

Purchase 

Ebook cover / $9.99 
Amazon Link
Gumroad link 
Leave a review! 


#3: Now check it out, where should you go? 
ITINERARIES 

-- Lakes and Volcanoes
-- Carretera 
-- Deep South

What's inside the book? 
4 more blog posts 


BLOG PAGE
Itineraries - inspirational 
Meta - stuff making it easier to travel 

Additional Page
Recommended Products 
Products on home page as well 
